BPrivy WebStorage2
==============

A Web Storage Service for Javascript Apps. Project to be started soon. Most source code is already available as part of the K3YRING password manager product which will be open-sourced soon.

A desktop storage service that will export a permission based web storage network interface - a superset of HTML5's Web Storage. This will allow javascript code to access files on the desktop. Since the service will export a network interface, it will be accessible by any client running anywhere on the network. The service is meant to be used in a web-application ecosystem and therefore will provide a javascript client library. The service itself will be implemented in javascript and use WebRTC for communication. Will come with a file-finder/explorer, a synchronizable DB as well as encryption/decryption. All of the code is already available within a proprietary browser-plugin (for windows), but since browser-plugins will soon be depricated, this workaround is needed. All implementation will be in javascript over a suitable platform such as node-js for the desktop and phonegap for mobile (Phase 2).

The long term vision - Phase2 - is to provide a private web-storage - distributed and replicated across the end-users' devices. This would be useful to store sensitive private information that one is not comfortable delegating to the cloud. BPrivy WebStorage2 will provide a storage/DB service that can be run as a cluster on all your personal devices (laptops, tablets, phones) and will replicate (peer-2-peer) your data across these devices so that your data is available on all devices at all times. This technology would be novel in the following ways:
1. To a web-developer this would provide an alternative to HTML5 Web Storage, except that the web-storage would be portable, detachable, synchronizable and encrypted. Portable because it would be stored in a file-folder of the end-user's choosing and therefore could be moved, copied out/in etc - even to other services such as DropBox. Detachable because you could choose to place it in a detachable storage (such as an sd-card or usb-flash drive) and physically detach it at will. This would also allow physical portability. Synchronizable because the DB would be synchronizable across DB replicas (or even distinct instances) copied, physically moved or resident on a different device on the cluster. WebStorage2 would allow web-apps to store app data 
